---
author: Herb Lainchbury
comments: false
date: 2016-04-29 11:37:00+00:00
layout: post
slug: notes-from-open-definition-call-december-2015
title: Notes from Open Definition Call December 2015
categories:
- Meetings
---

# Participants

  * Herb Lainchbury
  * Mike Linksvayer
  * Luis Villa
  * Aaron Wolf
  * Rufus Pollock


# Agenda

  * Authentication and Openness (and Open APIs)
    * this is https://opendefinition.org/ossd/index.html related
  * license review process logistics
  * KOGL
  * Scottish Parliament Open License v2.0
  * USA
  * plan for 2016


# Summary

  * Authentication and Openness (and Open APIs)
    * http://blog.ldodds.com/2015/11/25/how-can-open-data-publishers-monitor-usage/
    * “I’ll note from the start that the open definition doesn’t have anything to say about whether a login is permitted or not permitted.”
    * push to the list - is there some ambiguity - it has always been our view that requiring login is not open - do we need an FAQ or some explanation?  Openable?
      * I’ve (Rufus) posted here :
        * https://discuss.okfn.org/t/login-requirements-compliant-or-not-with-open-definition/1674 and we can discuss

  * License Review Process Logistics
    * where do we log requests / mentions?
    * where do we maintain the list of in-review?
    * where do we maintain the list of those that have gone through the process?
    * do we maintain an archival copy?  if so, where? As attachment on the forum during discussion probably at least

  * KOGL
    * ready to go : https://discuss.okfn.org/t/korea-open-government-license-kogl/899

  * Parliament Open License v2.0
    * ready to go : https://discuss.okfn.org/t/scottish-parliament-open-licence-version-2-0/1646

  * USA
    * is state and local level data automatically in the PD?  Luis responded on Forum.

  * Plan for 2016
    * OSSD
    * Rufus: Promote 2.1 and engage publishers

  * Forum
    * Herb to announce: list to go to moderated status - done
    * all communications to go to forum from this point forward

  * Action:
    * Herb to discuss Chair logistics with Luis

